[Documentation] Python Automation script and workflow for github wiki (#419)
pokt-network/pocket: docs/development/README.md

### View Available Commands

```bash

> make

Author: So this is one of the things that my "auto format on save" does in vscode for`md` files. Hmm I'll go fix these up and just turn change my vscode stuff.

> make

Reviewer: We should use `make` instead of `$ make`. I never had the chance to properly implement #257 yet so everyone's VSCode settings in this repo are identical.

> make

Author: I just went and reverse all the formatting stuff because its annoying me, also makes it easier for me to review my own diff! I commit the ones you commented but may as well do them all (trailing spaces, lines, md format, tabs, issues/pr links, etc.) together at some point.

To keep the Wiki organized, a comment is added to the end of each `.md`. For example,  you can find the following one at the end of this file `<!-- GITHUB_WIKI: guides/development/readme -->`. The structure of the comment indicates the category (guides), subcategory(ies) (development) and file name (readme): `<!-- GITHUB_WIKI: <category>/<subcategory 1>/.../<filename>`. You can see the example output in the [Wiki Page](https://github.com/pokt-network/pocket/wiki/Development-Readme).

If you are adding a new `.md` file for documentation please included a similar comment at the bottom of the file. Use your best judgment for the category and subcategory if its in a new directory. Otherwise, copy the comment from a similar `.md` file in the directory and choose a relevant filename.

## Documentation Resources and Implementation

### [Github Actions File](/.github/workflows/wiki_sync_process.yml)

> The Action is triggered when there is a change to any Markdown file on the main branch of the Repository. When triggered, some environment variables are set for a Python script that updates the Github Wiki Repository from the Pocket Repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Action is triggered when there is a change to any Markdown file on the main branch (i.e. after merge) of the Repository. When triggered, environment variables are set for a Python script that updates the Github Wiki Repository based on Pocket Repository source code.
```

### [Python Script](/tools/wiki_sync.py)

> The script finds the relevant Markdown files in the repository and organizes them for the Wiki Repository. Currently, the find command is filtered to exclude the App and Vendor directories. Based on the list of `.md` file paths, it maps the formatting spec from [above](##Maintaining-Documentation) to some information about the file. Using the map, it creates a Sidebar file which Github uses as a Table of Contents for the wiki, and also copies over the files with titles linking to the Sidebar from the Pocket repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script finds the relevant Markdown files in the repository and organizes them for the Wiki Repository. Currently, the find command is filtered to exclude the `./app` and `./vendor` directories. Based on the list of `.md` file paths, it maps the formatting spec from [above](##Maintaining-Documentation) to some information about the file. Using the map, it creates a Sidebar file which Github uses as a Table of Contents for the wiki, and also copies over the files with titles linking to the Sidebar from the Pocket repo.
```

> 

Reviewer: Bonus points for adding a screenshot of the sidebar
